doc/UserGuide.md, before:

## How to use guide

### Use it with bower
```bash

    bower install pip-webui-guidance
```
### Use it with npm
```bash

    npm install pip-webui-guidance
```
and in project add following code

- Add 'pipGuidance' module

* For Intro Guide dialog needs data:
- Add pipGuidance in controller
```javascript
    var guide = {
        id: '1',
        pages: [
            {
                title: {en: "Title for first page", ru: "Заголовок для первой страницы"},
                content: {en: "Content for 1 page", ru: "Текст для первой страницы"},
                color: "cyan" // name class for background color
            },
            {
                title: {en: "Title for second page", ru: "Заголовок для второй страницы"},
                content: {en: "Content for 2 page", ru: "Текст для второй страницы"},
                color: "cyan",
                pic_id: '56eaeea387639bd2182fbac6' // you can add picture id in pipLife
            }
        ],
        pictures: [
            'http://rjnzhfvfnthjdbx.gorod.tomsk.ru/posts-files/74/223/i/25.jpg'
        ] // array pictures for pages
    };
```
* For show dialogs:
```javascript
    pipGuidance.showIntroReleaseGuide(guide, settings, visual, language, $party, $user);
```
* Options:
- guide - object for display
- settings - object for settings
- visual = true if you want save display this guide (если вы хотите сохранять просмотры данного guide)
- language - display language (for example language = 'en' or language = 'ru')

* For show tips:

- Add $pipPopover in controller
```javascript
   $pipPopover.show({
       class: 'pip-tip', // class name for pip-popover
       cancelCallback: function () {
          //backdrop clicked
       },
       locals:{ // options
         title: 'Some title',
         content: 'Text content'
         image: ''
         link: 'https://github.com/pip-webui/pip-webui-guidance/blob/master/doc/UserGuide.md'
       },
       controller: function ($scope) { // function for logic

           $scope.title = $scope.locals.title;
           $scope.content = $scope.locals.content;
           $scope.image   = $scope.locals.image;
           $scope.link    = $scope.locals.link;

       },
       templateUrl: 'tips/tip.template.html' // html template
   });
```

Commit message:

tips service User Guide.md

doc/UserGuide.md, after:

## How to use guide

### Use it with bower
```bash

    bower install pip-webui-guidance
```
### Use it with npm
```bash

    npm install pip-webui-guidance
```
and in project add following code

- Add 'pipGuidance' module

For Intro Guide dialog needs data:
- Add pipGuidance in controller
```javascript
    var guide = {
        id: '1',
        pages: [
            {
                title: {en: "Title for first page", ru: "Заголовок для первой страницы"},
                content: {en: "Content for 1 page", ru: "Текст для первой страницы"},
                color: "cyan" // name class for background color
            },
            {
                title: {en: "Title for second page", ru: "Заголовок для второй страницы"},
                content: {en: "Content for 2 page", ru: "Текст для второй страницы"},
                color: "cyan",
                pic_id: '56eaeea387639bd2182fbac6' // you can add picture id in pipLife
            }
        ],
        pictures: [
            'http://rjnzhfvfnthjdbx.gorod.tomsk.ru/posts-files/74/223/i/25.jpg'
        ], // array pictures for pages
        topic: 'goal' // topic for filter guides
    };
```
* For show dialogs:
```javascript
    pipGuidance.showIntroReleaseGuide(guide, settings, visual, language, $party, $user);
```
Options:
- guide - object for display
- settings - object for settings
- visual = true if you want save display this guide (если вы хотите сохранять просмотры данного guide)
- language - display language (for example language = 'en' or language = 'ru')

For show tips:

- Add $pipPopover in controller
```javascript
   $pipPopover.show({
       class: 'pip-tip', // class name for pip-popover
       cancelCallback: function () {
          //backdrop clicked
       },
       locals:{ // options
         title: 'Some title',
         content: 'Text content'
         image: ''
         link: 'https://github.com/pip-webui/pip-webui-guidance/blob/master/doc/UserGuide.md'
       },
       controller: function ($scope) { // function for logic

           $scope.title = $scope.locals.title;
           $scope.content = $scope.locals.content;
           $scope.image   = $scope.locals.image;
           $scope.link    = $scope.locals.link;

       },
       templateUrl: 'tips/tip.template.html' // html template
   });
```

Can use tips service for filter and display tips:

- Add pipTips in controller

Service have functions:
- filterTips(data, topic) - filtering tips by topic field and status == 'completed' (фильтрация подсказок по полю topic и статусу завершено)
-- data - tips array
-- topic - string for filtering
- showTips(tips, ln, $event) - show tips
-- tips - tips array
-- ln - language
